---
layout: post
category: testimonies
title: Katarina Achadinha testimony
img: /img/testimonies/katarina-achadinha-testimony.jpg
imgthumb: /img/testimonies/thumb/michele-neal-testimony.jpg
altimg: Katarina Achadinha's Facebook post
link: https://goo.gl/gW4wO3
---
<blockquote class="blockquote-style lead">
Alright I wasn't going to give my story cause I'm lucky enough to have my Bermudian status and cause I usually don't comment but I was inspired to. Hi I'm Katarina. I was born at KEMH and was raised and went to school just like many of my peers. Now yes I'm Bermudian but only because my mom was Bermudian because of her brother if not I would be in the same boat. Someone who was born and raised here still had to apply to have the right to be able to work and have rights and I thought it was ridiculous even back when I was applying for it when I was 18, before any of this happened. I thought that the idea of someone who was born here and raised here and not being able to call Bermuda my home because I had no citizenship here sucked! I was embarrassed to tell family that lived away that you think cause I live in Bermuda that I was Bermudian but I'm not and they would all say what the heck! But it's true I have friends who have to attend Bermuda college and take so many courses one after the other even if they don't want to because if they don't, they might have to leave the island. I find it ridiculous that Bermuda is suppose to be all about bringing families together yet here some people are wanting to separate families. I'm Bermudian,my parents are Bermudian, and so is my uncle but my grandparents aren't Bermudian and they have been here for 35+ years. So if this law doesn't pass and if they have to leave isn't that separating families. As a Bermudian who was lucky enough to get her status and who even had someone try to get her kicked of Bermuda for no reason I'm very lucky that they couldn't succeed because I was already Bermudian and I thank God I have them because yes I may read, write and speak fluent Portuguese but I don't know Azores as my home I know Bermuda as my home this is where I have family, friends and have had great opportunities such as being a part of the National High School Honor Scholar Society or working at ZBM as part of the Portuguese radio team, even being able to work as a nanny which I love.It also means I can continue my education and finish my studies to be an Architectural Designer any where in the world and know that I can come back. So please let us all work hard into getting this law passed because yes I agree that we all deserve to be Bermudian or at least be granted PRC!!!!
</blockquote>

Katarina Achadinha